Dynamic index (#46)
pinojs/pino-elasticsearch: README.md

browse and visualize your logs.  
**Note:** This transport works only with Elasticsearch version ≥ 5.

#### Dynamic index

> It is possible to customize the index name at every log just providing a function to the `index` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to customize the index name for every log line just providing a function to the `index` option:
```

```js
const pino = require('pino')
const pinoElastic = require('pino-elasticsearch')

const streamToElastic = pinoElastic({
  index: function (logTime) {

>     // the logTime is a string in ISO time when the logs happened

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // the logTime is a ISO 8601 formatted string of the log line
```
